Sophia's branch change (#1)
kashenafi/pr-practice: favorite-color.txt

> puts "teal is one of my favorite colors!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
puts "mint is one of my favorite colors!"
```

> puts "teal is one of my favorite colors!"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
puts "BURNT ORANGE is one of my favorite colors!"
```
